# JPM Q1 2025 Earnings Call

**Document ID**: JPM_2025_Q1
**Ticker**: JPM
**Year**: 2025
**Quarter**: Q1
**Utterances**: 89

---

## Prepared Remarks

### Jeremy Barnum (Unknown)

Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Starting on Page 1, the firm reported net income of $14.6 billion, EPS of $5.07 on revenue of $46 billion with an ROTCE 
of 21%. These results included a First Republic related gain of $588 million, which was previously disclosed in the 10-K. On Page 2, we have more on our first 
quarter results. The firm reported revenue of $46 billion, up $3.5 billion or 8% year-on-year. NII ex. Markets was down $430 million or 2%, driven by the impact of 
lower rates and deposit margin compression as well as lower deposit balances in CCB. This was predominantly offset by higher card revolving balances, the 
impact of securities activity, including from prior quarters, as well as higher wholesale deposits. NIR ex. Markets was up $2.2 billion or 20%, and excluding the 
significant item I just mentioned was up 14%, largely on higher asset management fees, lower net investment securities losses and higher investment banking 
fees. And Markets revenue was up $1.7 billion or 21%. Expenses of $23.6 billion were up $840 million or 4%, largely driven by compensation, including growth in 
employees across the front office and technology, higher brokerage and distribution fees, as well as marketing and legal expense. The quarter also reflected a 
$323 million release of the FDIC special assessment accrual compared with a $725 million increase in the prior quarter. Credit costs were $3.3 billion, with net 
charge-offs of $2.3 billion and a net reserve build of $973 million We have more details on the reserve build on Page 3. With this quarter's reserve build, firm's 
total allowance for credit losses is $27.6 billion. Let's take a second to add a little bit of context to our thinking surrounding this number in light of the unique 
environment of the last several weeks. Our first quarter allowance is anchored on the relatively benign central case economic outlook, which was in effect at the 
end of the quarter. But in light of the significantly elevated risks and uncertainties at the time, we increased the probability weightings associated with the 
downside scenarios in our CECL framework. As a result, the weighted average unemployment rate embedded in our allowance is 5.8%, up from 5.5% last 
quarter, driving the $973 million increase in the allowance. So, with that in mind, the consumer build of $441 million was driven by changes in the weighted 
average macroeconomic outlook. The wholesale build of $549 million was predominantly driven by credit quality changes on certain exposures and net lending 
activity as well as changes in the outlook. In addition, it's important to note that the increase in the allowance is not, to any meaningful degree, driven by 
deterioration in the actual credit performance in the portfolio, which remains largely in line with expectations. With that, let's go to balance sheet and capital on 
Page 4. We ended the quarter with a CET1 ratio of 15.4%, down 30 basis points versus the prior quarter as net income and OCI gains were more than offset by 
capital distributions and higher RWA. This quarter, the firm distributed $11 billion of capital to shareholders, which reflects $7.1 billion of net common share 
repurchases and the payment of our common dividend, which has been increased to $1.40 per share. This quarter's higher RWA is primarily driven by overall 
business growth in Markets and some seasonal effects. Now, let's go to our businesses, starting with CCB on Page 5. Consumers and small businesses remain 
financially healthy. Despite the recent downtrends in consumer and small business sentiment based on our data, spend, cash buffers, payment to income ratios 
and credit utilization are all in line with our expectations. Moving to the financial results, CCB reported net income of $4.4 billion on revenue of $18.3 billion, which 
was up 4% year-on-year. In Banking & Wealth Management, revenue was down 1% year-on-year, driven by lower deposit NII, predominantly offset by growth in 
Wealth Management revenue. Average deposits were down 2% year-on-year and flat sequentially, while end-of-period deposits were up 2% quarter-on-quarter. 
Client investment assets were up 7% year-on-year, predominantly driven by market performance and we continue to see strong flows into managed products. In

### Home Lending (Unknown)

Services & Auto, revenue was up 12% year-on-year, predominantly driven by Card NII and higher revolving balances, as well as higher operating lease income in 
Auto. Card outstandings were up 10% due to strong account acquisition. And in Auto, originations were $10.7 billion, up 20%, driven by higher lease volume. 
Expenses of $9.9 billion were up 6% year-on-year, predominantly driven by growth in marketing and technology, higher field compensation, as well as higher auto 
lease depreciation. Credit costs were $2.6 billion, reflecting net charge-offs of $2.2 billion, up $275 million year-on-year, predominantly driven by the seasoning of 
recent vintages in Card with delinquencies and losses in line with expectations. The net reserve build was $475 million, of which $400 million was in Card. Next, 
the Commercial & Investment Bank on Page 6. CIB reported net income of $6.9 billion on revenue of $19.7 billion, which is up 12% year-on-year. IB fees were up 
12% year-on-year and we ranked #1 with wallet share of 9%. In advisory, fees were up 16%, benefiting from the closing of deals announced in 2024. Debt 
underwriting fees were up 16%, primarily driven by elevated refinancing activity, particularly in leveraged finance. In equity underwriting, fees were down 9% 
year-on-year, reflecting challenging market conditions. In light of market conditions, we are adopting a cautious stance on the investment banking outlook. While 
client engagement and dialogue is quite elevated, both the conversion of the existing pipeline and origination of new activity will require a reduction in the current 
levels of uncertainty. Payments revenue was up 3% year-on-year, excluding equity investments, driven by higher deposit balances and fee growth, predominantly 
offset by deposit margin compression. Lending revenue was up 11% year-on-year, driven by lower losses on hedges, partially offset by lower balances. Moving to 
Markets, total revenue was up 21% year-on-year, reflecting record performance in equities. Fixed Income was up 8% with better performance in rates and 
commodities against a relatively weak prior-year quarter. Equities was up 48% as the business performed well during a period of elevated volatility supported by 
higher client activity and strong monetization of flows, particularly in derivatives. Securities Services revenue was up 7% year-on-year, driven by fee growth and 
higher deposit balances, partially offset by deposit margin compression. Expenses of $9.8 billion were up 13% year-on-year, predominantly driven by higher 
compensation, legal and brokerage expense. Average Banking & Payments loans were down 3% year-on-year and down 1% sequentially as we continue to 
observe payoff activity and limited demand for new loans across client segments. Average client deposits were up 11% year-on-year and up 2% sequentially, 
reflecting increased activity across Payments and Securities Services. Finally, credit costs were $705 million, largely driven by the net reserve build. Then, to 
complete our lines of business, Asset & Wealth Management on Page 7. AWM reported net income of $1.6 billion, with pre-tax margin of 35%. Revenue of $5.7 
billion was up 12% year-on-year, predominantly driven by growth in management fees on strong net inflows and higher average market levels, as well as higher 
brokerage activity and higher deposit balances. Expenses of $3.7 billion were up 7% year-on-year, largely driven by higher compensation, including 
revenue-related compensation and continued growth in our private banking advisor teams as well as higher distribution fees. Long-term net inflows were $54 
billion for the quarter, primarily driven by equity and fixed income. In liquidity, we saw net inflows of $36 billion. AUM of $4.1 trillion and client assets of $6 trillion 
were both up 15% year-on-year, driven by continued net inflows and higher market levels. And finally, loans were up 5% year-on-year and flat quarter-on-quarter, 
and deposits were up 7% year-on-year and down 2% sequentially. Turning to Corporate on Page 8. Corporate reported net income of $1.7 billion. Revenue of 
$2.3 billion was up $102 million year-on-year. NII of $1.7 billion was down $826 million year-on-year. NIR was a net gain of $653 million compared with a net loss

of $275 million in the prior year. Current quarter included the significant item I mentioned upfront, while the prior-year quarter included net securities losses of
$336 million. Expenses of $185 million were down $1.1 billion year-on-year, driven by the changes to the FDIC special assessment accruals I mentioned upfront.
To finish up, let's turn to the full year outlook on Page 9. We continue to expect NII ex. Markets to be approximately $90 billion. The firm-wide NII outlook has
increased to about $94.5 billion, reflecting an increase in Markets NII, which you should think of as being primarily offset in NIR. Our adjusted expense outlook
continues to be about $95 billion. And on Credit, we expect the card net charge-off rate to be in line with our previous guidance of approximately 3.6%. So, to
wrap up, we're pleased with another quarter of strong operating performance, but of course, the focus right now is on the future, which is obviously unusually
uncertain. But no matter what outcomes eventually materialize, we are eager to do our part to continue to support our clients, the markets and the broader
economy, and we believe the banking system will be a source of strength in this dynamic environment. And with that, let's open the line for Q&A.
Operator
Thank you. Please standby. Our first question comes from Ken Usdin with Autonomous. You may proceed.

---

## Q&A Session

### Exchange 001

**Erika Najarian (UBS)**: Yes, good morning. This question is for Jamie. Jamie, you were on the media today talking about potential economic turbulence, but Jeremy also mentioned that
banking should be -- the banking system should be a source of strength in this turbulence. The equity market always seems to think about the banks as weaker
players, given how they trade the stocks more on sentiment and fear rather than the math of the ability of the banks to absorb provisions going forward if we do
fall into a slower economic downturn. So, I guess, just the question here is, can you double-click on how you think this is going to impact the economy going
forward? And maybe double-click on Jeremy's statement that banking -- the banking system should be a source of strength?

### Exchange 002

**Erika Najarian (UBS)**: Got it. And a second follow-up question. And I don't disagree with you guys on equity market performance of bank stocks. It's just that the mindset of portfolio
managers is they always go back to sort of the lowest common denominator of fundamental performance versus thinking about resilience? And to that point, the
second question is on the reserve. Jeremy, you mentioned a weighted average unemployment rate of 5.8%. I think that's above where economists are thinking
we could peak even in a recession scenario. How should we think about any incremental builds from here? And what you're going -- obviously, deterioration in
outlook, but what more do you need to see in terms of how you make decisions about further builds from here?

### Exchange 003

**Erika Najarian (UBS)**: Thank you.
Operator
Thank you. Our next question...

### Exchange 004

**Gerard Cassidy (RBC)**: Thank you. Hi, Jeremy. Hi, Jamie. Can you guys share with us, if you take a look at the non-traditional lenders, private credit lenders, they've been very active in
grabbing market share from the traditional commercial banks over the last two or three years, particularly since the initial Basel III endgame proposal came out in
July of '23, which is no longer applicable. But are you guys seeing any opportunities where the customers may re-intermediate back into the banks like your bank
because of this volatility?

### Exchange 005

**Gerard Cassidy (RBC)**: Very good. Thank you. And then, as a follow-up, you both just talked about the potential changes to the different regulatory outcomes for you and your peers,
whether it's SLR or the G-SIB buffer, et cetera. Can you opine for us your views? Are you more confident with the new administration, the new personnel, whether
it's Treasury Secretary Bessent or others, the nominees for different regulatory heads, that there will be a better chance of real regulatory reform they see it the
way you guys do versus the prior administration?

### Exchange 006

**Gerard Cassidy (RBC)**: Very good. Thank you.

### Exchange 007

**Ebrahim Poonawala (Bank of America)**: Thank you. Good morning. I guess just wanted to follow-up on the macro uncertainty. I think when you talk to investors, we've gone from enthusiasm for a
pro-business administration to a lot of headwinds. And I think Jamie mentioned you will have companies take down guidance, et cetera, potentially over the
coming weeks. I'm just wondering what is it you think we need to see before this uncertainty abates? Are the 90-day pause that we saw with some of the other
countries on tariffs, is that enough? Or I'm just wondering when you talk to clients, corporate CEOs, what are they looking for from the administration that would
inject confidence to get back anywhere close to where we were maybe 60 or 90 days ago?

### Exchange 008

**Ebrahim Poonawala (Bank of America)**: Got it. And I guess, as a follow-up, I think there's a lot of concern also in the treasury markets. We've seen the 10-year move from 3.99% to 4.50% in a matter of 
week. Just your comfort level in terms of the functioning of the treasury market? Do you see the Fed stepping in, pausing QT, maybe even initiating some

treasury purchases? Any color would be great.

### Exchange 009

**Ebrahim Poonawala (Bank of America)**: Thank you.

### Exchange 010

**Ebrahim Poonawala (Bank of America)**: Got it. Thank you so much.
Operator
Thank you. Our next question comes from Jim Mitchell with Seaport Global Securities. You may proceed.

### Exchange 011

**Betsy Graseck (Morgan Stanley)**: Thanks. Good morning, Jamie. Good morning, Jeremy. Two questions, one for Jamie to kick off. Jamie, you've been through many cycles. And I think we're all
interested in understanding how you think this next cycle is likely to progress. And I'm wondering, is there anything that you've seen in the past that looks like this
or that you would suggest if any slowdown coming forward, is it more likely to be similar to what kind of prior cycle you've seen?

### Exchange 012

**Betsy Graseck (Morgan Stanley)**: Excellent. Okay. No, thank you for that. And then...

### Exchange 013

**Betsy Graseck (Morgan Stanley)**: Okay. Thank you so much for that. And yes, looking forward to the next four months and clarity coming. So, then, one for Jeremy. Question on the wholesale
loans. I'm going into this because I noticed your average loan growth, I think it was running at about 2% year-on-year, and then end-of-period loans was up 5%
and wholesale loans was up 7%. So, I'm just wondering if there was some line drawdowns at quarter-end. And it's a broader question on just liquidity, do you see
your customers looking for more liquidity? Are they drawing down lines? And maybe if you could speak to liquidity in the front end of the market that'd be helpful
too. Thank you.

### Exchange 014

**Betsy Graseck (Morgan Stanley)**: Yeah, just in money markets, fed funds, the front-end seem to suggest...

### Exchange 015

**Betsy Graseck (Morgan Stanley)**: Okay. Thank you.

### Exchange 016

**Mike Mayo (Wells Fargo)**: Hey, Jamie, you just said on this call, there's a "deep recognition of flaws" by the new regulatory regime. And can you put -- you or Jeremy put some meat on the
bones as far as what's been an ideal scenario? You keep the safety and soundness of the system, but you rid as much as red tape and bureaucracy as possible.
How much could expenses potentially decline? I assume you'd pass on some of that to customers and you'd keep some of that and the regulators would save
money. So, some meat on the bones about the potential concrete savings from deregulation? But before that, the negative which you highlight in the press
release and the Chairman letter about the trade wars, Jamie, you went from trade wars "get over it" to this week say "do something." So just as far as the tariff
journey, what were you initially expecting to what happened? And do you really think next earnings call will be through most of the uncertainty? Thanks.

### Exchange 017

**Mike Mayo (Wells Fargo)**: No. And you also mentioned hundreds of billions of dollars of extra lending if you reduce the CET1 ratio, I guess, back down by one-fifth. So...

### Exchange 018

**Mike Mayo (Wells Fargo)**: One short follow-up. Just first quarter, you mentioned good credit, good trading, good [EPSB] (ph). I'm not sure anyone cares. They're worried more about the
things we're talking about here. But in terms of the risk of being an international company, an international US company during trade wars, and I know JPMorgan
is a firm that likes to partner with countries as well as communities and customers, so how do you think about that risk? How should we think about that risk? And
hopefully, your voice is being heard to speed things along to whatever can be done getting it done because you could be in the crosshairs at some point.

### Exchange 019

**Mike Mayo (Wells Fargo)**: All right. Thank you.
Operator
Thank you. Our next question comes from Glenn Schorr with Evercore. Your line is open.

### Exchange 020

**Glenn Schorr (Evercore)**: Hi. Just one follow-up on this whole risk management/regulatory front. I see, I hear and I agree flawed regulatory system could be better. We've had massive
volatility. The market plumbing has held in okay so far and you and others have had borderline spectacular trading results. So, has something changed? Are you
-- are the systems better? Are they better able to handle it as your risk management, your people, the diversity of your platform better? Or are there still
environments where not all volatility is good? I'm just curious to get your big picture thoughts. Thanks.

### Exchange 021

**Glenn Schorr (Evercore)**: That's a great point. Thanks for that. Appreciate it.
