# JPM Q2 2025 Earnings Call

**Document ID**: JPM_2025_Q2
**Ticker**: JPM
**Year**: 2025
**Quarter**: Q2
**Utterances**: 102

---

## Prepared Remarks

### Jeremy Barnum (Unknown)

Thank you very much, and good morning, everyone. This quarter, the firm reported net income of $15 billion, EPS of $5.24 on revenue of $45.7 billion, with an
ROTCE of 21%. These results included an income tax benefit of $774 million, which we described in more detail in the earnings press release. On the next page,
we have some more detail. The firm reported revenue of $45.7 billion, down $5.3 billion, or 10% year-on-year. NII ex Markets was down $185 million, or 1%,
driven by the impact of lower rates and deposit margin compression, predominantly offset by higher wholesale deposits, higher revolving balances in Card, as
well as the impact of securities activity, including from prior quarters. NIR ex Markets was down $6.3 billion, or 31%, and excluding the net gain related to Visa
shares and net investment securities losses in the prior year was up $1 billion, or 8%, driven by higher Asset Management fees, higher auto lease income, higher
Investment Banking fees and higher Payments fees. And Markets revenue was up $1.1 billion or 15%. Expenses of $23.8 billion were up $66 million, and
excluding last year's Visa stock contribution to the firm's Foundation was up $1.1 billion, or 5%, primarily driven by compensation, higher brokerage and
distribution fees as well as higher auto lease depreciation. And credit costs were $2.8 billion, with net charge-offs of $2.4 billion, and a net reserve build of $439
million. The build was driven by new lending activity, largely offset by a decrease in the probabilities that we attached to the adverse scenarios and the allowance
estimation. On to the balance sheet on Page 3. We ended the quarter with a CET1 ratio of 15%, down 40 basis points versus the prior quarter as net income was
more than offset by capital distributions and higher RWA. This quarter's higher RWA is primarily driven by an increase in wholesale lending across both CIB
markets and banking, an increase in other markets activity as well as an increase in Card loans. As you know, we completed CCAR a couple of weeks ago.
Under the current rules, our indicative SCB is floored at 2.5% and goes into effect in 4Q '25. Our new SCB also reflects the Board's intention to increase the
dividend to $1.50 per share in the third quarter. Now let's go to our businesses, starting with CCB. CCB reported net income of $5.2 billion on revenue of $18.8
billion, which was up 6% year-on-year. In Banking & Wealth Management revenue was up 3%, largely driven by growth in Wealth Management revenue with
deposit NII relatively flat. Average deposits were down 1% year-on-year and flat sequentially. Client investment assets were up 14% year-on-year, driven by
market performance and continued healthy flows into managed products. In Home Lending revenue was down 5% year-on-year, predominantly driven by lower
NII. Turning to Card Services & Auto, revenue was up 15% year-on-year, predominantly driven by Card NII on higher revolving balances, as well as higher
operating lease income in Auto. Card outstandings were up 9% due to strong new card acquisition. In Auto originations were up 5%, driven by higher lease
volumes. Expenses of $9.9 billion were up 5% year-on-year largely driven by growth in technology and auto lease depreciation. Credit costs were $2.1 billion,
reflecting net charge-offs of $2.1 billion, relatively flat year-on-year, in line with expectations. Next, the Commercial & Investment Bank. CIB reported net income
of $6.7 billion, on revenue of $19.5 billion, which was up 9% year-on-year. IB fees were up 7% year-on-year. We continue to rank #1 with wallet share of 8.9%. In
advisory fees were up 8%, benefiting from increased sponsor activity. Debt underwriting fees were up 12%, primarily driven by a few large deals. In equity
underwriting fees were down 6% year-on-year. Our pipeline remains robust, and the outlook along with the market tone and sentiment is notably more upbeat.
Payments revenue was up 3% year-on-year, excluding equity investments driven by higher deposit balances and fee growth, predominantly offset by deposit
margin compression. Lending revenue was down 6% year-on-year, reflecting higher losses on hedges. Moving to Markets. Total revenue was up 15%
year-on-year. Fixed income was up 14% with improved performance in Currencies & Emerging Markets, Rates and Commodities. This was partially offset by
fewer opportunities in Securitized Products and Fixed Income Financing. Equities was up 15%. We continue to see strong performance across products, most
notably in derivatives. Security Services revenue was up 12% year-on-year, driven by higher deposit balances and fee growth. Expenses of $9.6 billion were up
5% year-on-year, driven by higher compensation, brokerage and technology expense, partially offset by lower legal expense. Average Banking & Payments loans
were down 2% year-on-year and up 2% quarter-on-quarter with sequential growth, primarily driven by new loans with larger corporates. Average client deposits
were up 16% year-on-year and up 5% sequentially, reflecting increased activity across Payments and Security Services. Finally, Credit costs were $696 million,
driven by builds in our C&I portfolio, including new lending activity and downgrades to a handful of names, partially offset by the scenario probability adjustment, I
mentioned upfront. Turning to Asset & Wealth Management to complete our lines of business. AWM reported net income of $1.5 billion with a pretax margin of
34%. Revenue of $5.8 billion was up 10% year-on-year, driven by growth in management fees on strong net inflows and higher average market levels, as well as
higher brokerage activity and higher deposit balances. Expenses of $3.7 billion were up 5% year-on-year driven by higher compensation, including
revenue-related compensation and continued growth in our private banking advisor teams as well as higher distribution fees. Long-term net inflows were $31
billion for the quarter led by fixed income and equities. In liquidity, we saw net inflows of $5 billion. AUM of $4.3 trillion was up 18% year-on-year, and client assets
of $6.4 trillion were up 19% year-on-year, driven by continued net inflows and higher market levels. And finally, loans were up 7% year-on-year and 3%
quarter-on-quarter, and deposits were up 9% year-on-year and 2% sequentially. Turning to Corporate. Corporate reported net income of $1.7 billion and includes
the tax item I mentioned upfront. Revenue was $1.5 billion for the quarter. NII was $1.5 billion, down $875 million year-on-year, NIR was a net gain of $49 million,
up $148 million year-on-year, excluding the prior year's Visa-related gains. Expenses of $547 million were down $32 million year-on-year, excluding the
Foundation contribution in the prior year that I mentioned earlier. To finish up, I'll touch on the outlook. You'll recall that at Investor Day, I made a couple of
comments previewing the potential evolution of the outlook. So now let me formalize that and give you updated guidance. First, we now expect NII ex Markets to
be approximately $92 billion, with the increase driven by changes in the forward curve and strong deposit growth in Payments, Security Services as well as
balanced growth in Card. Total NII guidance is now about $95.5 billion, implying $3.5 billion of Markets NII. Second, on adjusted expense, we now expect it to be
about $95.5 billion, primarily driven by the impact of the weaker dollar, which is largely bottom line neutral. And finally, on credit, we continue to expect the Card
net charge-off rate to be approximately 3.6%. So reflecting on the quarter, while the environment remains extremely dynamic in many ways, navigating
uncertainty is the norm for both us and our clients. But we're now happy to take your questions. So let's open the line for Q&A.
Operator
Our first question will come from Christopher McGratty with QBW (sic) [ KBW ].

Christopher McGratty
Jamie, relative to 3 months ago, there's a lot of optimism on financial deregulation and really going to break in the bank's favor. I'm interested if you agree,
number one, with this optimism and anything specifically you could point to? And secondarily, on capital, I'm interested in what's on or off the table in terms of
uses of capital? What do you need to see from the macro regulatory? And how should we be thinking about the timing?

---

## Q&A Session

### Exchange 001

**Betsy Graseck (Morgan Stanley)**: So two questions. First, on the RWA utilization via organic as you described. I wanted to understand in wholesale lending, where you highlighted the CIB was a
driver of much of this. Could you speak to the drivers of those drivers? In other words, is it private credit? Is it M&A financing? Is it inventory? What are you seeing
in the market here that you're delivering on that's raising that lending profile?

### Exchange 002

**Betsy Graseck (Morgan Stanley)**: Okay. Great. All right. And then Jamie, you've -- there's been a lot of discussion around stablecoin. How stablecoin is going to be impacting banks. And I believe
you have an opinion on this, would love to hear if you could highlight how JPM is thinking about utilizing, leveraging, competing with stablecoin, and how the
JPMD deposit token feeds into all of this as well?

### Exchange 003

**Betsy Graseck (Morgan Stanley)**: Okay, super. And then separately on the topic of open banking. I think that's on hold right now with the CFPB, on hold right now. But just wanted to understand,
does this hold period gave you an opportunity to change how you're pricing for your open banking and fintech relationships here?

### Exchange 004

**Steven Alexopoulos (Cowen)**: I wanted to start, Jeremy, going back to your comments on inorganic things being on the table in terms of use of excess capital. So when I look at the company,
so you're the largest U.S. bank by assets, you're also the largest in terms of the data you see every day. And you may or may not have seen that Apple is looking
at possibly, there's chatter, getting into the AI game more by looking at a company such as Perplexity. Just thinking out loud here, would it make sense for
JPMorgan to consider acquiring an LLM, right? The last 2 quarters of buybacks are about the last valuation round for Perplexity, right? I'm thinking of you guys,
you could become LLM for the financial services industry. What are your thoughts on this?

### Exchange 005

**Steven Alexopoulos (Cowen)**: Yes. Yes. Okay. And then going back, Jamie, to your answer to Betsy's question on the tokenized deposit. I get it, how that makes sense in terms of the
customers that are inside your walled garden, but it doesn't help them much in terms of dealing with customers outside of your garden. What's holding up you
guys and the other banks getting together to issue something joint, similar to what you've done with Zelle and prevent these stablecoin companies like Circle
coming in and offering a more convenient solution to your customers?

### Exchange 006

**Steven Alexopoulos (Cowen)**: Without an answer?

### Exchange 007

**Ebrahim Poonawala (Bank of America)**: This almost sounds like a fintech and AI call. But maybe just switching gears, I think, Jamie, your comments in the press release, give us a sense like when we
think about middle market businesses in the U.S., what's the state of play there? When we think about interest rates, tariffs, consumer spending slowing, should
we be concerned in terms of credit quality outlook looking out 6, 9, 12 months? Just what's your take based on all the data that we all look at?

### Exchange 008

**Ebrahim Poonawala (Bank of America)**: Got it. And I guess just as a follow-on -- go ahead, Jeremy.

### Exchange 009

**Ebrahim Poonawala (Bank of America)**: And I was just wondering in terms of your sense of just the state of play, the health of the balance sheets of these customers. And also if you can expand that into
the consumer, any areas of stress from a credit quality perspective that you're beginning to get more concerned today versus 3 or 6 months ago?

### Exchange 010

**Ebrahim Poonawala (Bank of America)**: That was helpful. And would you say the same about commercial?

### Exchange 011

**Glenn Schorr (Evercore)**: Just two quick follow-ups. On the conversation about the noticeably upbeat robust pipelines. I know we've been here before and markets can give us and take it
away. But there is a time value in there, meaning corporates, and more importantly sponsors, need to get stuff done. There is a ton of dry powder. So I'm curious
if that -- if there's a higher level of confidence, meaning if the market doesn't take from us, is it really happening this time? We've been kind of waiting for these
pipelines to come through in fuller force for a couple of years now. Does it -- is it feel more doable as long as the market doesn't take the rug out from under us?

### Exchange 012

**Glenn Schorr (Evercore)**: I hear you. The follow-up on the capital conversation. Obviously, impressive to see big returns on even higher capital basis. But there's more to come. And I think
trend is your friend on D Reg. So the question is, you keep making a lot of money, your capital base keeps rising. You've talked about arresting the growth of
CET1 in the past. But I guess my blunt question is, is there any valuation limitation towards that arresting of CET1?

### Exchange 013

**Glenn Schorr (Evercore)**: I'm just curious if there's a valuation limitation the thinking? Meaning as valuation goes up, are you just going to -- do you keep buying back stock...

### Exchange 014

**Gerard Cassidy (RBC)**: I'd like to circle back to the return on tangible common equity topic that you guys have discussed. Obviously, you had a very strong number this quarter, 20%
when you adjusted for the onetime effect. And you go back to your Investor Day and you pointed out 17% is what the targeted level is. And if you turn back the
clock and go back to 2020, you had the same 17% goal for the ROTCE, but your CET1 ratio back then was guidance -- guidance was 11.5% to 12%. So my
question is, has the business for you folks changed so much that now it's just inherently a more profitable business?

### Exchange 015

**Gerard Cassidy (RBC)**: Jeremy, I'm glad you're still using HP 12c. That's good. Just as a follow-up...

### Exchange 016

**Gerard Cassidy (RBC)**: As a quick follow-up, Jeremy, you touched on...

### Exchange 017

**Gerard Cassidy (RBC)**: Just as a quick follow-up, Jeremy. In the Markets comment that you made, you said that there were fewer opportunities in Securitized Products and Fixed Income
Financing. Can you expand upon that or give us any color there?
