# JPM Q4 2023 Earnings Call

**Document ID**: JPM_2023_Q4
**Ticker**: JPM
**Year**: 2023
**Quarter**: Q4
**Utterances**: 52

---

## Prepared Remarks

### Jeremy Barnum (Unknown)

Thank you, and good morning, everyone. The presentation is available on our website, and please refer to the disclaimer in the back. Starting on Page 1, the firm 
reported net income of $9.3 billion, EPS of $3.04 on revenue of $39.9 billion, and delivered an ROTCE of 15%. These results included the $2.9 billion FDIC 
special assessment and $743 million of net investment securities losses in Corporate. On Page 2, we have more on our fourth quarter results. Similar to prior 
quarters, we have called out the impact of First Republic, where relevant. You'll also note that we have now allocated certain deposits, which were previously in 
CCB to the appropriate lines of business. For the quarter, First Republic contributed $1.9 billion of revenue, $890 million of expense, and $647 million of net 
income. Now, focusing on the firmwide fourth quarter results, excluding First Republic. Revenue of $38.1 billion was up $2.5 billion or 7% year-on-year. NII, 
ex-Markets was up $2.2 billion or 11%, predominantly driven by higher rates. NIR, ex-Markets was up $139 million or 1% and Markets revenue was up $141 
million or 2%. Expenses of $23.6 billion were up $4.6 billion or 24% year-on-year, predominantly driven by the FDIC special assessment and higher 
compensation, including wage inflation and growth in front office and technology. And credit costs were $2.6 billion, reflecting net charge-offs of $2.2 billion, and a 
net reserve build for $474 million. Net charge-offs were up $1.3 billion, predominantly driven by Card and single-name exposures in Wholesale, which were 
largely previously reserved. The net reserve build was primarily driven by loan growth in Card and the deterioration in the outlook related to commercial 
real-estate valuations in the Commercial Banking. Looking at the full-year results on Page 3. The firm reported net income of $50 billion, EPS of $16.23, and 
revenue of $162 billion, and we delivered an ROTCE of 21%. Onto balance sheet and capital on Page 4. We ended the quarter with CET1 ratio of 15%, up 70 
basis points versus the prior quarter, primarily driven by net income, AOCI gains and lower RWA, partially offset by a continued modest pace of capital 
distributions as the firm builds towards the proposed Basel III Endgame requirements. Now, let's go to our businesses, starting with CCB on Page 5. Total debit 
and credit card spend was up 7% year-on-year, driven by strong account growth and consumer spend remained stable. Turning now to the financial results, 
excluding First Republic. CCB reported net income of $4.4 billion on revenue of $17 billion, which was up 8% year-on-year. In Banking & Wealth Management, 
revenue was up 6% year-on-year, reflecting higher NII on higher rates, largely offset by lower deposits, with average balances down 8% year-on-year. Client 
investment assets were up 25%, driven by market performance and strong net inflows. In fact, it's been a record year for retail net new money. In Home Lending 
revenue was up $230 million, predominantly driven by the absence of an MSR loss this quarter versus the prior year and higher NII. Moving to Card Services & 
Auto, revenue was up 8% year-on-year, driven by higher card services NII on higher revolving balances, partially offset by lower auto lease income. Card 
outstandings were up 14% due to strong account acquisition and continued normalization of revolve. And in auto, originations were $9.9 billion, up 32% as we 
gained market share while retaining strong margins. Expenses of $8.7 billion were up 10% year-on-year, largely driven by compensation, including an increase in 
employees, primarily in bankers, advisors, and technology, and wage inflation, as well as continued investments in marketing and technology. In terms of credit 
performance this quarter, credit costs were $2.2 billion, largely driven by net charge-offs which were up $791 million year-on-year, predominantly due to continued 
normalization in card. The net reserve build of $538 million reflected loan growth in card. Next, the CIB on Page 6. The CIB reported net income of $2.5 billion on 
revenue of $11 billion. Investment banking revenue of $1.6 billion was up 13% year-on-year. IB fees were also up 13% year-on-year and we ended the year 
ranked number one with a wallet share of 8.8%. And advisory fees were up 2%. Underwriting fees were up significantly compared to a weak prior year quarter 
with debt up 21% and equity up 30%. We are starting the year with a healthy pipeline and we are encouraged by the level of capital markets activity, but 
announced M&A remains a headwind, and the extent as well as the timing of capital markets normalization remains uncertain. Payments revenue was $2.3 
billion, up 10% year-on-year. Excluding equity investments, it was flat as fee growth was predominantly offset by deposit-related client credits. Moving to Markets, 
total revenue was $5.8 billion, up 2% year-on-year. Fixed income was a record fourth quarter, up 8%. It was another strong quarter in our securitized products 
business, which was partially offset by lower revenue and rates coming off a strong quarter last year. Equity markets was down 8%, driven by lower revenue in 
derivatives and cash. Security services revenue of $1.2 billion was up 3% year-on-year. Expenses of $6.8 billion were up 4% year-on-year, predominantly driven 
by the timing of revenue-related compensation. Credit costs were $210 million, reflecting net charge-offs of $121 million and a net reserve build of $89 million. 
Moving to the Commercial Bank on Page 7. Commercial Banking reported net income of $1.5 billion. Revenue of $3.7 billion was up 7% year-on-year, largely 
driven by higher NII, where the impact of rates was partially offset by lower deposit balances. Payments revenue of $2 billion was up 2% year-on-year driven by 
fee growth, largely offset by deposit-related client credits. Gross investment banking and markets revenue of $924 million was up 32% year-on-year, primarily 
reflecting increased capital markets and M&A activity. Expenses of $1.4 billion were up 9% year-on-year, driven by an increase in employees, including front 
office and technology investments, as well as higher volume-related expense, including the impact of new client acquisition. Average deposits were down 6% 
year-on-year, primarily driven by lower non-operating deposits as clients continue to opt for higher-yielding alternatives and flat quarter-on-quarter as client 
balances are seasonally higher at year-end. Loans were down 1% quarter-on-quarter. C&I loans were down 2%, reflecting lower revolver utilization and muted 
demand for new loans as clients remained cautious. And CRE loans were flat as higher rates continued to have an impact on originations and payoff activity. 
Finally, credit costs were $269 million, including net charge-offs of $127 million and a net reserve build of $142 million, driven by deterioration in our commercial 
real estate valuation outlook. And then to complete our lines of business, AWM on Page 7. Asset & Wealth Management reported net income of $925 million with 
pretax margin of 28%. Revenue of $4.7 billion was up 2% year-on-year, driven by higher management fees on strong net inflows and higher average market 
levels, predominantly offset by lower NII. The decrease in NII reflects lower deposit margins and balances partially offset by wider spreads on loans. Expenses of 
$3.4 billion were up 11% year-on-year, largely driven by higher compensation, including performance-based incentives, continued growth in our private banking 
advisor teams, the impact of closing JPMorgan Asset Management China acquisition, and the continued investment in global shares. For the quarter, net 
long-term inflows were $12 billion, positive across equities and fixed income, and $140 billion for the full year. In liquidity, we saw net inflows of $49 billion for the 
quarter and net inflows of $242 billion for the full year. And we had record client asset net inflows of $489 billion for the year. AUM of $3.4 trillion and client assets 
of $5 trillion were both up 24% year-on-year, driven by continued net inflows and higher market levels. And finally, loans were up 2% quarter-on-quarter and 
deposits were up 7% quarter-on-quarter. Turning to Corporate on Page 9. Corporate reported a net loss of $689 million. Revenue of $1.8 billion was up $597 
million year-on-year. NII of $2.5 billion was up $1.2 billion year-on-year due to the impact of higher rates and balance sheet mix. NIR was a net loss of $687 
million compared to the net loss of $115 million, and included the net investment securities losses I mentioned upfront. And expenses of $3.4 billion were up $3 
billion year-on-year, predominantly driven by the FDIC special assessment. With that, let's pivot to the outlook for 2024, starting with NII on Page 10. We expect

2024 NII ex-Markets to be approximately $88 billion. Going through the drivers, the outlook assumes that rates follow the forward curve, which currently includes
six cuts this year. On deposits, we expect balances to be very modestly down from current levels. While lower rates should decrease repricing pressure, we
remain asset sensitive, and therefore the lower rates will decrease NII, resulting in more normal deposit margins. We expect strong loan growth in Card to
continue, but not at the same pace as 2023. Still, this should help offset some of the impact of lower rates. Outside of Card, loan growth will likely remain muted.
It's important to note that we just reported a quarterly NII ex-Markets run rate of $94 billion. Combining that with the full-year guidance of approximately $88 billion
implies meaningful sequential quarterly declines throughout 2024, consistent with what we've been telling you for some time. And keep in mind that many of the
sources of uncertainty that we've highlighted previously surrounding the NII outlook remain. And on total NII, we expect it to be approximately $90 billion for the
full-year, reflecting an increase in Markets NII which, as always, you should think of as largely offset in NIR. Now, let's turn to expenses on Page 11. We expect
2024 adjusted expense to be about $90 billion. You'll see on the slide we provided detail by line of business. Generally, you can see that both in dollar terms and
in percentage terms, the expense growth is aligned to where the greatest opportunities are, both in terms of share and available returns. And of course, you'll
hear more at Investor Day and between now and then. On the right-hand side of the page, we've highlighted some firmwide drivers. Thematically, the biggest
driver is what I might call business growth writ large. Within that, narrowly defined volume and revenue-related growth represents about $1 billion of the increase
across the company as a result of an improved NIR outlook, compared to about $400 million in 2023. But in addition, the ongoing growth of the company, which
continues to produce share gains and additional profitability, is coming with increased expense across a range of categories. The quantum of investment increase
is comparable to last year's increase and is driven by all the same themes, bankers, branches, advisors, technology as well as marketing. Net-net, First Republic
produces a modest increase in expenses, but with a significantly lower 2024 exit run rate as the result of business integration efforts. Finally, despite significantly
lower inflation outlook in the economy as a whole, we still see some residual effects of inflation flowing through most of our expense categories. It's worth noting
that both the general business growth and investment growth include decisions that have been executed both in response to market conditions during 2023 and
to support the future growth and profitability of the company. We've included the fourth quarter 2023 exit rate on the page to illustrate that a significant portion of
the year-on-year increase in expense is already in the run rate. Now, let's turn to Page 12 and cover credit and wrap up. On credit, we continue to expect the
2024 card net charge-off rate to be below 3.5%, consistent with Investor Day guidance. So in closing, we shouldn't leave 2023 without noting what an outstanding
year it was, producing record revenue and net income despite some notable significant items. We're very proud of what we accomplished this year and want to
thank everyone who made it possible. At the same time, we emphasized throughout 2023 the extent to which we were over-earning, as indicated by an ROTCE
that is 4% above our through-the-cycle target. As we turn to 2024, it shouldn't be surprising that our outlook has us beginning to march down the path towards
normalization of our returns. But despite the expected dissipation of the 2023 tailwinds and the presence of significant economic and geopolitical uncertainties, we
remain optimistic about this franchise's ability to produce superior returns through a broad range of environments. And this management team remains
laser-focused on executing for shareholders, clients, and communities. And with that, let's open the line for Q&A.
Operator
[Operator Instructions] For our first question, it's coming from the line of Matt O'Connor from Deutsche Bank. You may proceed.
Matt O'Connor
Good morning. Thanks for all the comments on the net interest income. Any updates on that medium-term outlook that you've put out there?

---

## Q&A Session

### Exchange 001

**Ebrahim Poonawala (Bank of America)**: Hi, good morning. I guess maybe one question, looking at your statement, and I think Jamie is quoted as saying, as he sees the consumer as resilient and the
market expecting a soft landing. I would love to hear. I'm not sure if Jamie's on the call, but maybe, Jeremy, I would love to hear your thoughts around do you
believe that the outlook for a soft landing has increased. Is the market pricing incorrectly, or when you look at your customer base, are you still worried about the
lagged effects of the rate hikes?

### Exchange 002

**Ebrahim Poonawala (Bank of America)**: And maybe just taking that a step further, there has been concern around whether we see some of the CRE pain filtered into multifamily apartments. You all have
a pretty large multifamily exposure, high quality. But just give us a sense of one, are you seeing any bleed-through of what we've seen in office in other areas of
commercial real estate or any particular parts of C&I lending? Thank you.

### Exchange 003

**Ebrahim Poonawala (Bank of America)**: Got it. Thank you.
Operator
Next, we'll go to the line of Erika Najarian from UBS. You may proceed.

### Exchange 004

**Erika Najarian (UBS)**: Hi. Good morning. My first question is a follow-up on Matt's with regarding the buyback. You printed 15% CET1 in the quarter. Your - on a net basis, net to RWA
growth, your net income produces 51 basis points every quarter. Again, that's net of RWA growth. I'm wondering what guideposts you're looking for, Jeremy, in
terms of that buyback increasing from that $2 billion a quarter. Do we need to wait for B3 finalization, which seems like it could be quite delayed? Or will having
clarity in the June DFAST results, you mentioned the SCB sort of be enough that you could reconsider this pace over the medium-term?

### Exchange 005

**Erika Najarian (UBS)**: Thanks. And just as a follow-up, the $90 billion in expenses for 2024, does that contemplate a significant increase or the comeback of investment banking that
everybody seems to be expecting for '24?

### Exchange 006

**Erika Najarian (UBS)**: Thank you.
Operator
Next, we'll go to the line of Mike Mayo from Wells Fargo Securities. You may proceed.

### Exchange 007

**Mike Mayo (Wells Fargo)**: Hi. You're guiding to $90 billion of expenses. That's up $7 billion year-over-year. Seems like quite a big increase. And if you could just give some color on that. I
know we've been through this before, two years ago with the big increase in expenses and without a lot of visibility. So if you could just upfront give us visibility.
How much of that is due to incentive pay? How much is that due to tech? How much is that due to AI? And what are the expected returns to get from that $7
billion pickup? Thanks.

### Exchange 008

**Mike Mayo (Wells Fargo)**: Okay. I have a short follow-up. I'm still here.

### Exchange 009

**Mike Mayo (Wells Fargo)**: Yes. Can you just talk about the impact of AI on your technology approach? And I know I asked you this before, and you said you're spending it, you're being
careful, you want to see a return on your dollars. But how much difference can this make? How big is your tech budget last year? How much should it be this
year? How much should AI make a difference? Just a little bit more meat on the tech bones.

### Exchange 010

**Mike Mayo (Wells Fargo)**: All right. Thank you.

### Exchange 011

**Gerard Cassidy (RBC)**: Hi, Jeremy. How are you?

### Exchange 012

**Gerard Cassidy (RBC)**: Jeremy, coming back to your outlook and forecast for net interest income for the upcoming year with the six Fed fund rate cuts that you guys are assuming. Can
you give us a little insight why you're assuming six cuts? Is it your customers are telling you that their businesses are weaker, or is it your just economic outlook,
the forward curve? Can you give us something behind why you're assuming so many rate cuts?

### Exchange 013

**Gerard Cassidy (RBC)**: Okay. Very good. And then as a follow-up, obviously, you pointed out also in the outlook, you're going to have some deposit attrition. You had some, of course, in
2023. Can you guys give us some insights on the impact QT is having on the deposit base for your organization? And second, are you surprised that it hasn't -
QT hasn't been more disruptive to the liquidity in the markets?

### Exchange 014

**Gerard Cassidy (RBC)**: Great. Thank you.

### Exchange 015

**Manan Gosalia (Morgan Stanley)**: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. There's been a lot of talk about capital markets rebound. You noted you're starting the year with a healthy
pipeline. Can you give us some more color on what you're seeing there and how the rate in - how the change in the rate environment is changing the
conversations that you're having across M&A, ECM and DCM?

### Exchange 016

**Manan Gosalia (Morgan Stanley)**: Great. And on the flip side, in C&I you spoke about lower revolver utilization, more muted demand. What would it take for that to rebound? Do you think it
accelerates from here if rates come down, or is there room for this to slow even further if the capital markets open up even more?

### Exchange 017

**Manan Gosalia (Morgan Stanley)**: Great. Thank you.

### Exchange 018

**Glenn Schorr (Evercore)**: Hi. Thank you. So I want to get your perspective on private credit overall. The industry saw a lot of growth, but it's only so big relative to the banking market. I
think there's been a lot of share shift in direct lending and middle market lending, but now you're starting to see more in asset-backed finance and you're seeing
them raise a lot of money in infrastructure and energy. So my question to you is, how big of a trend is this? How much do you think about it as cyclical versus
secular? And most importantly, how does JPMorgan adapt and participate?

### Exchange 019

**Glenn Schorr (Evercore)**: Anything specific on asset back? It's an important part of your business too. Do you see it following the same path as direct lending has?

### Exchange 020

**Glenn Schorr (Evercore)**: Okay. Cool. Thank you for that.
Operator
And for our final question, we'll go to the line of Charles Peabody from Portales Partners. You may proceed.

**Jamie Dimon (CFO)**: It was kind of head-matched the day we did it, so.
