# AAPL Q3 2025 Earnings Call

**Document ID**: AAPL_2025_Q3
**Ticker**: AAPL
**Year**: 2025
**Quarter**: Q3
**Utterances**: 33

---

## Prepared Remarks

### Suhasini Chandramouli (Unknown)

Good afternoon, and welcome to the Apple Q3 Fiscal Year 2025 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Suhasini Chandramouli, Director of Investor Relations.
Today's call is being recorded. Speaking first today is Apple's CEO, Tim Cook, and he'll be followed by CFO, Kevan Parekh. After that, we'll open the call to
questions from analysts. Please note that some of the information you'll hear during our discussion today will consist of forward-looking statements, including,
without limitation, those regarding revenue, gross margin, operating expenses, other income and expense, taxes, capital allocation and future business outlook.
These statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results or trends to differ materially from our forecast, including risks related to the
potential impact to the company's business and results of operations from macroeconomic conditions, tariffs and other measures and legal and regulatory
proceedings. For more information, please refer to the risk factors discussed in Apple's most recently filed reports on Form 10-Q and Form 10-K and the Form
8-K filed with the SEC today, along with the associated press release. Additional information will also be in our report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June
28, 2025, to be filed tomorrow and in other reports and filings we make with the SEC. Apple assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements,
which speak only as of the date they are made. I'd now like to turn the call over to Tim for introductory remarks.
Timothy D. Cook
Thank you, Suhasini. Good afternoon, everyone, and thanks for joining the call. Today, we are proud to report a June quarter revenue record of $94 billion, up 
10% from a year ago, which was better than we expected. EPS set a June quarter record of $1.57, up 12% year-over-year. We saw an acceleration of growth 
around the world in the vast majority of markets we track, including Greater China and many emerging markets. And we had June quarter revenue records in 
more than two dozen countries and regions, including the U.S., Canada, Latin America, Western Europe, the Middle East, India and South Asia. These results 
were driven by double-digit growth across iPhone, Mac and Services. We set a June quarter record for iPhone, which grew a strong 13% year-over-year. We saw 
iPhone growth in every geographic segment and double-digit growth in emerging markets, including India, the Middle East, South Asia and Brazil. Mac continued 
to see excellent results with revenue up 15% year-over-year. And we set another all-time revenue record in Services, which grew 13% with double-digit growth in 
both developed and emerging markets. Last month, we hosted WWDC, an incredible event for our developer community with millions joining us online and more 
than 1,000 developers here in person at Apple Park. We shared some truly exciting updates, including a stunning new design crafted from a material we call

### Liquid Glass (Unknown)

experience it this fall. And we were excited to share some updates across our AI work. We announced even more capabilities coming later this year, including live 
translation and Workout Buddy. In addition to those new features, we announced new support for a number of languages, and we opened up access to the 
on-device foundation models at the core of Apple Intelligence, enabling developers to build a whole new experience for our users. It's wonderful to see great 
momentum building for our platforms. iOS 26, macOS 26 and iPadOS 26 are by far the most popular developer betas we've had. Taking a step back, we see AI 
as one of the most profound technologies of our lifetime. We are embedding it across our devices and platforms and across the company. We are also 
significantly growing our investments. Apple has always been about taking the most advanced technologies and making them easy to use and accessible for 
everyone. And that's at the heart of our AI strategy. With Apple Intelligence, we're integrating AI features across our platforms in a way that is deeply personal, 
private and seamless, right where users need them. We've already released more than 20 Apple Intelligence features, including visual intelligence, cleanup and 
powerful writing tools. We're making good progress on a more personalized Siri, and as we've said before, we expect to release these features next year. Apple 
silicon is at the heart of all of these experiences, enabling powerful Apple Intelligence features to run directly on device. For more advanced tasks, our servers 
also powered by Apple silicon deliver even greater capabilities while preserving user privacy through our private cloud compute architecture. We believe our 
platforms offer the best way for users to experience the full potential of generative AI. Thanks to the exceptional performance of our systems, our users are able 
to run generative AI models right on their Mac, iPad and iPhone. We're excited about the work we're doing in this space, and it's incredibly rewarding to see the 
strong momentum building. Now let me turn to more details about our results for the quarter, starting with iPhone. iPhone revenue was $44.6 billion, up 13% from 
a year ago, and we set a June quarter record for upgraders. This strong broad-based performance was driven by the incredible popularity of the iPhone 16 family, 
which was up strong double digits year-over-year as compared to the 15 family. We also recently marked a significant milestone. We shipped the 3 billionth 
iPhone since its launch in 2007. From the Pro models with the powerhouse A18 Pro and innovative Pro camera features to the iPhone 16e with breakthrough 
battery life and a 2-in-1 camera system, users are finding so many reasons to love the best iPhone lineup we've ever created. And iOS 26 will take that 
experience even further. In addition to the beautiful new design and powerful Apple Intelligence features, it introduces a range of meaningful updates like 
real-time call screening and hold assist in the phone app, smarter messaging tools and new live translation features. It all adds up to a smarter, more personal 
iPhone experience that we can't wait for users everywhere to enjoy this fall. In Mac, we had another strong quarter with revenue of $8 billion, up 15% 
year-over-year, largely driven by the strength of the M4 MacBook Air. We set a June quarter record for upgraders on Mac, and we saw great performance in 
emerging markets with strong double-digit growth on revenue as well as strong double-digit growth on both upgraders and customers new to Mac. MacBook Air, 
the world's most popular laptop, unlocks a whole new level of performance with the power of M4. MacBook Pro customers meanwhile continue to be drawn to its 
incredible power and the longest battery life we've ever had on a Mac. Customers are also loving the newest Mac Studio, which is the most powerful Mac we've 
ever made with next-level capabilities to tackle even the most demanding AI workflows. At the same time, Mac mini continues to win over customers by packing 
so much performance into an ultracompact design. And with fantastic new updates in macOS Tahoe 26 6 from the phone app to live activities to our biggest ever 
update to Spotlight, Mac users across our entire lineup are going to find delightful new ways to stay connected and productive. For iPad, June quarter revenue 
was $6.6 billion. Our incredibly versatile iPad lineup brings together power and portability like never before. And users are already excited for our biggest iPad 
software update ever with the upcoming release of iPadOS 26. It starts with a new windowing system that's remarkably intuitive, giving users more control than 
ever of their iPad experience. An enhanced files app makes it easier than ever to stay organized. And that's all on top of a beautiful new software design that 
brings these updates to life. Turning to Wearables, Home and Accessories. Revenue was $7.4 billion, and we saw a June quarter record for upgraders to Apple 
Watch. During the quarter, we marked the 10-year anniversary of Apple Watch, celebrating a decade of helping users navigate their health and fitness journeys. 
And with watchOS 26 Apple Watch will be more intelligent than ever with smart updates to the workout app and Smart Stack, along with a fresh new design that 
feels both dynamic and personal. We're also thrilled about what's coming to Apple Vision Pro with visionOS 26 introducing spatial widgets that let users customize 
their digital space, more life-like personas and new enterprise APIs that empower companies to build their own spatial experiences. And this fall, new features for 
our latest AirPods lineup will unlock even more possibilities from studio quality audio recording to using AirPods as a camera remote, giving users powerful new 
ways to capture content and stay connected. As we're innovating across our lineup, we're especially proud of the work we're doing to help our users live healthier 
lives. Since we first launched our hearing health features for AirPods Pro 2, I've received notes from people who are delighted to be able to connect more deeply

with loved ones. Whether it's with AirPods Pro 2 or Apple Watch or iPhone, it's amazing to see the power of our health and safety features from hearing tests to
fall detection alerts to irregular rhythm notifications having such a profound impact. Turning to Services. Revenue for the June quarter was $27.4 billion, up 13%
from a year ago and an all-time record. Apple TV+ scored 81 nominations, a record for the platform across nearly every eligible category for this year's Emmy
Awards. Severance leads all Emmy nominees with 27 nominations and The Studio follows close behind with 23 nominations, more than any other freshman
comedy series ever. It's amazing to see how these and other Apple TV shows have captured the popular imagination. To date, Apple TV+ has earned more than
2,700 award nominations and 585 wins on the strength of the highest-rated original content of any streaming network. And we continue to see very positive trends
in the June quarter with TV+ viewership up strong double digits year-over-year. In June, we were also thrilled to release F1 in theaters around the world, one of
the summer's most unforgettable blockbusters. During the quarter, we celebrated a big anniversary with 10 years of Apple Music. To mark the occasion, we
launched an all-new studio space in Los Angeles for artists to create content and connect with fans. And later this year, we're bringing Apple Music users even
more to love from an enhanced listening experience with AutoMix, which mixes songs like a DJ to lyrics translation and more. The App Store meanwhile
continues to be the very best place to discover the latest apps from developers around the world in a safe and trusted way and App Store revenue grew double
digits year-over-year, setting a June quarter record. In retail, we continue to find opportunities in emerging markets to connect with even more customers. We
recently launched the Apple Store online in Saudi Arabia, and we couldn't be more excited to open new stores in the UAE and India later this year. We were also
delighted to welcome customers in Japan to a new location in the heart of Osaka. Across everything we do at Apple, we show up by leading with our values. We
feel strongly that the benefits of technology should be shared by everyone. That's why we make technology for everyone. In May, to mark Global Accessibility

### Awareness Day (Unknown)

accessibility reader, a new system-wide reading mode to make it easier to understand content. And we're proud to introduce accessibility nutrition labels, giving
users an understanding of accessibility features before they download an app while helping developers educate people on features their app support. This month,
we also announced a $0.5 billion commitment with MP Materials to strengthen the supply of vital recycled rare earth materials in the U.S. and support American
industry. And in August, we're opening our all-new Apple Manufacturing Academy in Detroit to train and support American manufacturers. These investments are
part of Apple's largest ever spend commitment, which we announced earlier this year. Over the next 4 years, Apple is investing $500 billion in the U.S., driving
innovation and creating jobs in cutting-edge fields like advanced manufacturing, silicon engineering and artificial intelligence. We're proud of this work and all that
we're doing to tap into American innovation and bring the best technology experiences to users across the globe. And we continue to look for further opportunities
to do even more. Finally, the situation around tariffs is evolving, so let me provide some color there. For the June quarter, we incurred approximately $800 million
of tariff-related costs. For the September quarter, assuming the current global tariff rates, policies and applications do not change for the balance of the quarter
and no new tariffs are added, we estimate the impact to add about $1.1 billion to our costs. This estimate should not be used to make projections for future
quarters as there are many factors that could change, including tariff rates. We're really proud of our results for the June quarter, and I want to thank our teams
and our customers. In everything we do, we're driven by transformative innovation, delivering the most exceptional products and services we've ever created, and
we're especially excited about what's ahead. With that, I'll turn it over to Kevan.

### Kevan Parekh (Unknown)

Thanks, Tim, and good afternoon, everyone. Our revenue of $94 billion was up 10% year-over-year and is a new June quarter record. We grew in every 
geographic segment and in the vast majority of the markets we track. Products revenue was $66.6 billion, up 8% year-over-year, driven by growth across iPhone 
and Mac. And thanks to our high levels of customer satisfaction and strong loyalty, our installed base of active devices reached another all-time high across all 
product categories and geographic segments. Services revenue was $27.4 billion, up 13% year-over-year and an all-time record. We saw strength across the 
world with double-digit growth in the majority of our markets. Company gross margin was 46.5% at the high end of our guidance range and down 60 basis points 
sequentially, primarily driven by approximately $800 million in tariff-related costs Tim mentioned earlier. Products gross margin was 34.5%, down 140 basis points 
sequentially, driven by mix and tariff-related costs, partly offset by cost savings. Services gross margin was 75.6%, down 10 basis points sequentially. Operating 
expenses landed at $15.5 billion, up 8% year- over-year. This strong business performance led to June quarter records for both net income at $23.4 billion and 
diluted earnings per share of $1.57, which was up 12% year-over-year. Operating cash flow was also strong at $27.9 billion. Now I'm going to provide some more 
details for each of our revenue categories. iPhone revenue was $44.6 billion, up 13% year-over- year, driven by the iPhone 16 family. As Tim noted, we saw 
iPhone growth in every geographic segment and double-digit growth in many emerging markets. The iPhone active installed base grew to an all-time high in total 
and in every geographic segment, and we reached a June quarter record for upgraders. According to a recent survey from Worldpanel, formerly of Kantar, iPhone 
was a top-selling model in the U.S., Urban China, the U.K., Australia and Japan during the June quarter. And we continue to see very high levels of customer 
satisfaction in the U.S. at 98% as measured by 451 Research. Mac revenue was $8 billion, up 15% year-over-year, driven by continued strength across the 
portfolio, including MacBook Air, Mac mini and MacBook Pro. We grew in every geographic segment and saw double-digit growth in Europe, Greater China and 
the rest of Asia Pacific. The Mac installed base reached an all-time high, and we hit a June quarter record for upgraders. In the U.S., customer satisfaction was 
recently measured at 97%. iPad revenue was $6.6 billion, down 8% year-over-year, which was expected given the difficult compare against the launch of the iPad 
Air and iPad Pro in the year ago quarter. At the same time, the iPad installed base reached another all-time high and over half of the customers who purchased 
an iPad during the quarter were new to the product. And based on the latest reports from 451 Research, customer satisfaction was 98% in the U.S. Wearables, 
Home and Accessories revenue was $7.4 billion, down 9% year-over-year. This was driven by a difficult compare on accessories due to the prior year's iPad 
launches that I just referred to. The Apple Watch installed base reached a new all-time high with over half of customers purchasing an Apple Watch during the 
quarter being new to the product. We also set a quarterly record for upgraders on Apple Watch and the latest customer satisfaction for Watch in the U.S. was 
reported at 97%. Our Services revenue reached an all-time high of $27.4 billion, up 13% year-over-year. The performance in the June quarter was broad-based. 
We saw a sequential acceleration across the majority of the categories, including cloud services, where we reached an all-time revenue record, driven by the 
year-over-year growth of iCloud paying accounts. We saw strong momentum during the June quarter and the growth of our installed base of active devices gives 
us great opportunities for the future. Customer engagement across our Services offerings also continued to grow. Both transacting and paid accounts reached 
new all- time highs with paid accounts growing double digits year-over-year. Paid subscriptions also grew double digits. We have well over 1 billion paid 
subscriptions across the Services on our platform. We continue to improve the quality and breadth of our Service offerings from the new Apple Games app to a 
continued expansion of Tap to Pay and Wallet. Turning to enterprise. Organizations are continuing to invest in Apple products to drive employee innovation and 
productivity. With companies like PayPal and Roche deploying more Macs for their workforce, we had the best June quarter ever for Mac in enterprise. In 
Thailand, Siam Commercial Bank, one of the largest Thai banks, has deployed thousands of iPads across their branches to enhance the quality and efficiency of 
their banking operations from loan services to wealth management. CAE, a leader in pilot training and simulation technology is using Apple Vision Pro to enable 
pilots to become more familiar with aircraft procedures, leading to more productive in-person flight simulator training outcomes. Let's turn to our cash position and 
capital return program. We ended the quarter with $133 billion in cash and marketable securities. We had $5.7 billion of debt maturities, issued $4.5 billion of new 
debt and increased commercial paper by $4 billion, resulting in $102 billion in total debt. Therefore, at the end of the quarter, net cash was $31 billion. During the 
quarter, we returned over $27 billion to shareholders. This included $3.9 billion in dividends and equivalents and $21 billion through open market repurchases of 
104 million Apple shares. As we move into the September quarter, I'd like to review our outlook, which includes the types of forward-looking information that

Suhasini referred to. Importantly, the color we're providing assumes that the global tariff rates, policies and application remain in effect as of this call, the global
macroeconomic outlook does not worsen from today and the current revenue share agreement with Google continues. We expect our September quarter total
company revenue to grow mid- to high single digits year-over-year. We expect Services revenue to grow at a year-over-year rate similar to what we reported in
the June quarter. We expect gross margin to be between 46% and 47%, which includes the estimated impact of the $1.1 billion tariff-related costs that Tim
referred to earlier. We expect operating expenses to be between $15.6 billion and $15.8 billion. We expect OI&E to be around negative $25 million, excluding any
potential impact from the mark-to-market of minority investments and our tax rate to be around 17%. Finally, today, our Board of Directors has declared a cash
dividend of $0.26 per share of common stock payable on August 14, 2025, to shareholders of record as of August 11, 2025. With that let's open the call to
questions.

### Suhasini Chandramouli (Unknown)

Thank you, Kevan. [Operator Instructions]. Operator, may we have the first question, please?
Operator
Certainly, we'll go ahead and take our first question from Michael Ng with Goldman Sachs.

---

## Q&A Session

### Exchange 001

**Michael Ng (Goldman Sachs)**: I just have one on upgrade rates and one on CapEx. First, on the upgrade rates, it's encouraging to see the records on iPhone, Mac and Watch. I was wondering
if you're seeing strength in the upgrade rates? Or is the records more a function of the growing installed base? What is your research showing that made
upgrades particularly compelling this year? For example, is it product features, tariff pull forward, perhaps Apple Intelligence? And then I'll give my follow-up on
CapEx.
Timothy D. Cook
You'll do CapEx first.

### Exchange 002

**Michael Ng (Goldman Sachs)**: Just on the CapEx, it's up notably year-to-date. Could you just comment on your capital spending plan this year and next and provide some qualitative color in
terms of what's driving that growth? Is it AI-related or supply chain diversification, for instance?

### Exchange 003

**Wamsi Mohan (Bank of America)**: Tim, I know you said similar growth in Services, and that's predicated with Google payments continuing. Is there any way for us to dimensionalize sort of -- or
maybe just conceptually talk about maybe options if, if the counter were to happen, if the payments were not allowed in some way, what are some of the things
that Apple could do given that it is a significant chunk of profitability? And I have a follow-up.
Timothy D. Cook
Yes, Wamsi, I don't really want to speculate on the court ruling and how they would rule and what we would do as a consequence of it.

### Exchange 004

**Wamsi Mohan (Bank of America)**: Okay. Okay. I guess we'll wait for that ruling to come out. I guess, separately, Tim, at a high level, when you look at some of what is perceived fears of new form
factors and ways to interact with devices. There was some worry that given some of the developments in AI that there could be a world where dependence on
screen-based devices significantly diminishes. And I'm kind of curious to get your thoughts on if do you think that would happen and rate and pace in which? And
how do you think Apple is preparing in that case?

Timothy D. Cook
When you think about all the things an iPhone can do from connecting people to bringing app and game experiences to life to taking photos and videos to helping
users explore the world and conduct their financial lives and pay for things and so much more. It's difficult to see a world where iPhone is not living in it. And that
doesn't mean that we are not thinking about other things as well. But I think that, that the devices are likely to be complementary devices, not substitution.
Operator
Our next question is from Amit Daryanani with Evercore.

### Exchange 005

**David Vogt (UBS)**: And I have two questions as well. Maybe Tim, just on the supply chain strategy. I know last quarter, you talked about focusing production or assembly to India.
And I just want to get an update on how you're thinking about the strategy holistically, given sort of the tariff rates, I think, in India potentially are higher than I think
anyone had expected. So I know you mentioned some U.S. investments, would love to kind of get your thoughts on how you're thinking about China versus the
rest of Southeast Asia and India going forward? And then I'll give you my second question also. So Kevan, I'm just trying to understand a little bit more about the
demand drivers of iPhone in the quarter because obviously, the 16 has been in the market for some time. I know there was some promotional activity. But
seasonally, you generally don't see this kind of strength in the June quarter. Maybe you can help us understand outside of maybe the promotional activity, what
else were some of the drivers that led to what was -- looks like a pretty significant above seasonal strength in the June quarter stats?
Timothy D. Cook
Yes. In terms of the tariff situation and country of origin and so forth. One thing I would say, just to remind everyone is keep in mind that the vast majority of our
products are covered under the Section 232 investigation. And so the -- today or I should say, last quarter, the bulk of the tariffs that we paid were the IEEPA
tariffs that hit early in the year related to China. And so that's just a reminder of where things are and what we assumed as we calculated the projection of $1.1
billion that's in our outlook color. In terms of the country of origin, it's the same as I referenced last quarter. There hasn't been a change to that, which is the vast
majority of the iPhone sold in the U.S. or the majority, I should say, have a country of origin of India and the vast majority of the products, other products, the Mac
and the iPad and the Watch have a country of origin of Vietnam that are sold in the United States. Still, the products for other international countries, the vast
majority of them are coming from China. And so that hopefully gives you a flavor of the of where things are. But I would stress again that we do a lot in this
country in the United States. And we've committed $500 billion, and we're always looking to do more. And you could kind of see that in the most recent
announcements, whether it's MP Materials or our manufacturing academy that we're standing up in Detroit in a couple of weeks or so. And so we're going to be
doing -- we're doing more in this country, and that's on top of having roughly 19 billion chips coming out of the U.S. now, and we will do more, and of course,
glass from iPhone and the Face ID module. And so there's loads of different things that are done in the United States.

### Exchange 006

**David Vogt (UBS)**: And then on the iPhone activity?

### Exchange 007

**Krish Sankar (Cowen)**: I have two of them. The first one is for Kevan, this was a previous question, do you think there was any pull-in of iPhones in the June quarter that led to some of
the upside? And how to think about channel inventory in June quarter? And how it looks in September relative to seasonal trends? And then I had a longer-term
follow-up for Tim.
Timothy D. Cook
Let me see if I can answer the channel inventory question or what I think is the channel inventory question. If you look at iPhone channel inventory from the
beginning of the quarter to the end of the quarter, we reduced it, and it ended toward the low end of our targeted range. And so that's the answer on the inventory
piece of it.

### Exchange 008

**Krish Sankar (Cowen)**: Got it. Very helpful. And then I just have like a long-term follow-up for Tim. Tim, I'm kind of curious about your thoughts on AI for edge devices. There's like some
people who think that LLM could be a commodity in the future. Do you think -- do you see a scenario where the LLMs become a core part of your iOS or is the
SLM the way to go and how to think about evolution of edge devices in a futuristic AI world and if smartphone going to be the choice of device. Just curious your
thoughts on it, broadly speaking.
Timothy D. Cook
The way that we look at AI is that it's one of the most profound technologies of our lifetime. And I think it will affect all devices in a significant way. What pieces of
the chain are commoditized and not commoditized, I wouldn't want to really talk about today because that gives away some things on our strategy. But I think it's
a good question.
Operator
Our next question is from Samik Chatterjee with JPMorgan.

### Exchange 009

**Samik Chatterjee (JPMorgan)**: Tim, maybe if I can start with your remarks about the pull-ahead being about a 1 percentage point benefit here. Anything to share in terms of how -- what's
underlying that estimate in terms of what you're seeing for -- is it a pull-ahead largely on iPhones? Or is it across the board? And is it primarily in the U.S. or
again, sort of across multiple regions? Any color there would be helpful in terms of how you're sort of getting to that assumption there. And I have a follow-up.
Timothy D. Cook
It was principally on iPhone and Mac. And it was pretty -- it was obvious evidence of it. It was an unusual buying pattern there and that largely occurred in April
towards the beginning of the quarter. And it was really -- we believe it was largely the United States.

### Exchange 010

**Samik Chatterjee (JPMorgan)**: Okay. Okay. Got it. And maybe on the tariff front, when you gave the estimate of $900 million last quarter, which came in at $800 million, you did highlight it was --
there were some unique factors in the quarter. When I take the $1.1 billion that you're now sort of expecting for the September quarter and as we start to think
about December, would -- is there anything unique in the December quarter in terms of sourcing from regions, et cetera, that would uniquely impact December,
just given sort of that you had highlighted that quarter-to-quarter, so there would be unique things. Just curious if December looks very different from September
because of any unique factors.
Timothy D. Cook
I would be careful about projecting based on the numbers from Q2 and Q3 because, one, we're uncertain of what the rates will be. And so the rates may change. 
Two, in -- particularly in last quarter, we had some build ahead inventory that we were -- that we had within the company and within our supplier -- within our

supply chain. And so those two are a little unique. Also, as you know, from following us for so long, Q1 is generally a higher volume quarter. And the tariffs are
currently are pretty linear with volume.
Operator
Our next question is from Aaron Rakers from Wells Fargo.
