# META Q2 2024 Earnings Call

**Document ID**: META_2024_Q2
**Ticker**: META
**Year**: 2024
**Quarter**: Q2
**Utterances**: 26

---

---

## Q&A Session

### Exchange 001

**Mark Shmulik (Bernstein)**: Yes. Hi, thanks for taking my question. Just as we look at the revenue guidance and the outlook, Susan, any color you can share on just kind of the state of the
overall digital ad market? And you've highlighted some areas where you are seeing strength versus kind of some of the idiosyncratic efforts you've made to kind
of improve the efficacy of the ad product. Thank you.

**Susan Li (CFO)**: Hi, Mark. We are continuing to see healthy global advertising demand, and we are also delivering ongoing ad performance improvements just related to all of the
investments that we've continued to make over time. And improving the sort of ads, targeting ranking, delivery, all of the fundamental infrastructure there. And we
expect that all of that will continue to benefit ad spend in Q3. We do expect year-over-year growth to slow in Q3, as we are lapping strong growth from
China-based advertisers, as well as strong Reels impression growth from a year ago. And we also expect modestly larger FX headwinds in Q3 based on current
rates.
Operator
Your next question comes from the line of Eric Sheridan with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.

### Exchange 002

**Eric Sheridan (Goldman Sachs)**: Thank you so much for taking the question. I'll just ask one. You called out building community size and what's happened in the United States, as well as
Threads. How are you thinking about those newer faster-growing elements of either Messaging or Threads as a platform and the mix between the potential for
engagement growth and overall monetization longer term of either the messaging layer or Threads and what you are most excited about there to build to sort of
capitalize on scale but bring it back towards monetization? Thank you.

**Susan Li (CFO)**: Eric, I would just add to that in terms of [nearer-term] (ph) sources of impression growth, we really expect that video is going to remain a source of impression
growth for us in the second half. On Instagram, we expect Reels to continue to drive growth, while on Facebook, we expect to grow overall video time, while
increasing the mix of short-form video, which creates more impression growth opportunities. And generally we expect continued community growth foracross our
apps.
Operator
Your next question comes from the line of Doug Anmuth with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.

### Exchange 003

**Justin Post (Bank of America)**: Great. Thank you. I just want to get back to the comment on US young adult user growth, especially maybe on Facebook and Instagram. I know you made a big
change with Reels a couple of years ago. But what are those users doing on Facebook and Instagram? And can you give us any quantification of the usage
growth? Thank you.

**Susan Li (CFO)**: Thanks, Justin. So building products with young adults in mind has been a core priority area for the Facebook team in recent years, and we've been very
encouraged to see these efforts translate into engagement growth with this cohort. We have seen healthy growth in young adult app usage in the US and Canada
for the past several quarters. And we have seen that products like Groups and Marketplace have seen particular traction with young adults. Posting to groups in
the US and Canada has been growing. That's been boosted mainly by young adults. And we also see that they are active users of Marketplace, which has
benefited from product improvements and strong demand for second-hand products in the US.
Operator
Your next question comes from the line of Mark Mahaney with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.

### Exchange 004

**Mark Mahaney (Evercore)**: I was going to ask about Marketplace so that's a nice segue. It is a great, somewhat under-monetized or arguably very under-monetized asset. I know you
indirectly monetize it and it's a very large marketplace. It may even be bigger than eBay. Your thoughts on what you may want to do in the future in terms of
monetizing it, in part maybe even improve the quality of the Marketplace. And then secondly, I just want to ask you about headcount. It is down about 1%
year-over-year. You are pretty much back at par with where the employee headcount was prior to significant reduction. How should we think about headcount
growth going forward? Did you talk about a significant growth in CapEx? Should we expect a moderate growth in headcount significant? Any thoughts on that
would be helpful. Thank you.

**Susan Li (CFO)**: Thanks Mark. On your first question about Marketplace, again we are obviously excited that it's been one of the drivers of strength in young adults. I would
probably just say that more generally, Marketplace is one prong in a broader commerce strategy that we have which continues to be focused on basically creating
the best shopping experience on our platform. Marketplace is obviously consumer oriented. The broader part of the commerce strategy is about making it easier
for businesses to advertise their products, for buyers to find and purchase relevant items on our platform. And to that end, I’d say that we feel quite happy with
also the investments we've been making in Shops ads. Shops ads revenue is growing at a strong year-over-year pace. We are seeing Shops ads drive
incremental performance for advertisers, and it's also working well in combination with some of our other products like Advantage+ shopping. Your second
question was about headcount. We continue to be disciplined about where we are allocating new headcount to ensure that it's really focused on our core
company priorities, but we are also working down a prior hiring underrun. And as we further close that hiring underrun over the course of this year, I do expect
that we will end 2024 with in-seat reported headcount that is meaningfully higher than where we ended 2023. We aren't providing sort of 2025 headcount growth
expectations yet as we haven't started our budgeting process yet. But again, I expect that we’ll primarily target our hiring to focus on priority areas, and we will be
running a very disciplined headcount process.
Operator
Your next question comes from the line of Youssef Squali with Truist Securities. Please go ahead.

### Exchange 005

**Ross Sandler (Barclays)**: Great. Mark, so on Monday in your interview with Jensen, you said something along the lines of if scaling ended up stopping one day, you'd have five years of
product work to do and ahead of you. So outside of agents or AI assistants, what other areas in AI are you thinking about or looking at in that five-year road map?
And then the second question is maybe one more stab at the capacity question. You guys said that Llama 3.1 was trained on 16,000 H100s. You've also said that
you're going to have 600,000 available by year-end. So even if we kind of go up to 160,000 GPUs for Llama 4, we have plenty of extra capacity for inference and
future products. I guess how are you guys modeling out this entire kind of CapEx road map between training, inference, and future things? That's all. Thanks a
lot.

**Susan Li (CFO)**: Thank you. We are clearly in the process of building out a lot of capacity, and Mark has alluded to that in his comments about what we have needed to train prior
generations and the next generation of Llama. And we are -- and that's driving sort of what we've talked about in terms of the significant growth in CapEx in 2025.
And we aren't really in the position now to share a longer-term outlook. When we think about sort of any given new data center project that we are constructing,
we think about how we will use it over the life of the data center. We think about the amount of capacity we would use in terms of training whatever the
subsequent generations of Llama are and it is architected around that. But then we also look at how we might use it several years into its lifetime towards other
use cases across our core business, across what we think might be future needs for inference, for generative AI-based products. So there is sort of a whole host
of use cases for the life of any individual data center ranging from gen AI training at its outset to potentially supporting gen AI inference to being used for core ads
and content ranking and recommendation and also thinking through the implications, too, of what kinds of servers we might use to support those different types of
use cases. So we are really mapping across a wide range of potential use cases when we undertake any given project. And we are really doing that with both a
long time horizon in mind, again, because of the long lead times in spinning up data centers, but also recognizing that there are multiple decision points in the
lifetime of each data center in terms of thinking through when to order servers and what servers to order and what you will put them towards. And that gives us
flexibility to make the sort of the best decisions based on the information we have in the future.
